fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/kubernetes-operator/operator-manual/lightweight-deployments.mdx

---

> title: 'Lightweight Deployment for wasmCloud on K8s'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Lightweight Deployment for wasmCloud on K8s'
sidebar_label: 'Lightweight Deployment'
```

> ---
> title: 'Lightweight Deployment for wasmCloud on K8s'
> sidebar_position: 1
> toc_max_heading_level: 2
> description: 'Deploy wasmCloud on Kubernetes with a minimal footprint — slim install, reduced RBAC, and resource-efficient configuration for edge and small clusters.'
> ---
> 
> ### Run a complete, lightweight wasmCloud stack using K3s and Docker Compose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Lightweight Deployment for wasmCloud on K8s'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Lightweight Deployment'
sidebar_position: 1
toc_max_heading_level: 2
description: 'Deploy wasmCloud on Kubernetes with a minimal footprint — slim install, reduced RBAC, and resource-efficient configuration for edge and small clusters.'
---

# Lightweight Deployment

### Run a complete, lightweight wasmCloud stack using K3s and Docker Compose.
```
